the beard is gone which means nothing
can slow me down as I dive head first
into this rapid fire Roundup want to
keep your devic's batteries fresh for
longer is that USB device hacking you o
you can control app volume without
digging into the software menus how cool
is that we're going to build one for
ourselves for less than 10 bucks oh and
we're going to clean up after ourselves
when we're done with a bottomless can of
air it's time again for Handy Tech under
100 let's
go
back here which is where we're doing it
you may already know that leaving your
portable Electronics plugged in all the
time can be really hard on the batteries
causing them to die bulge or even light
on fire but the issue is that it's
getting harder and harder to find a
phone or a laptop that you can pull the
batteries out of in order to protect
them when they're being stored or when
they're being used in a permanent
fixture now some devices have Smart
charging or other battery saving
features but many of them don't and that
is where the $30 charge omatic comes in
now the inventor suggests using it to
protect battery powered tools uh to
prolong the life of USB charged devices
and to top up generator batteries which
gave us some ideas of our own like
keeping our emergency battery Banks
ready to go at a moment's notice or my
personal favorite plugging into a power
bar to help protect the hundreds of
battery powered devices that sit in our
warehouse slowly dying now
unfortunately wow that is really
tight hey there we go now unfortunately
in spite of the claims it's not
especially smart meaning it's
essentially a Christmas light timer with
extra steps but the charger Matic lets
you choose how long the power stays on
anywhere from 1 to 99 hours that's this
guy right
here then this one controls how long
it's days off anywhere from 1 to 99 days
so if your manual calls for trickle
charging once a month for no longer than
48 hours something no one is actually
going to bother to do manually you just
dial it into the charger attic and you
never have to think about it again and
in all that time we save by not dealing
with dead batteries we can segue to our
sponsor ug green their nexe x65 wall
charger is small light and Powerful with
two USBC ports and one usba a port so
you can charge up to three devices at
the same time with a maximum output of
you guessed it 65 Watts check it out at
the link down
[Music]
below okay okay guys I'm coming I'm
coming oh crap that game is
loud now I can't hear you guys you know
someone should make a volume knob for oh
perfect meet the Dej an open-source
Hardware volume control for Windows and
Linux PCS with this minty little guy I
have independent control over my PC's
master volume voice chat and my games
and it is super simple to build your
own that doesn't smell minty at all to
build our own all we need is an Arduino
or similar microcontroller one or more
potentiometers pots for short some wires
and some kind of enclosure it doesn't
even need to be anything fancy it just
has to be big enough to hold the
electronics but small enough to fit on
your desk this Altoids tin is a great
choice for these rotary pots and an
rp240 base board while this shipping box
that we stole from Colton has plenty of
room for sliding pots and an Arduino Pro
micro now before you even ask no you do
not need to know how to solder to make
one of these If You Pick Your Parts
carefully look at this using a small
breadboard some male to female jumper
wires and a pro micro that came with the
header pins
pre-attached anyone can do this now for
our part we've got a Justin and a small
army of 3D printers to try and keep busy
so we got a little fancy and we whipped
up this slick enclosure which we're
going to have the files for in the
description along with a link to the de
project where they go into way more
detail about building your own we're
still going to give you the quickish
version here though Hardware wise it is
surprisingly simple simple each of our
potentiometers gets wired up to Common
Ground and to a power pin and then that
third connector the wiper is going to be
doing the bulk of our heavy lifting now
you might remember that a potentiometer
is effectively a user adjustable
resistor and the position of the wiper
determines the resistance so then each
of our wipers gets connected to an
individual analog input on the
controller and once everything's wired
up we can close up our enclosure with
the new LT Precision screwdriver and put
on our knobs by the way sign up on LTT
sore.com for an instock notification we
are very excited about this thing it's
also a delightful fidget toy speaking of
so far that's all this does too we need
to program the controller in order for
it to do something useful thankfully the
de project has done almost all of the
work for us including providing a
pre-written Arduino sketch file with
that said it's not quite plug-in play
and we're going to need to tweak it
depending on how many pots we're using
and which pins those pots are connected
to so in this case we've got five pots
using pins a0 through A3 and pin A7
compile that upload it to the controller
taking a second to note which com Port
the controller is using and now if you
open up the serial monitor in the
Arduino IDE you should see a stream of
numbers flowing constantly and if you
move a slider the corresponding number
should change using any text editor at
this point even good oldfashioned
notepad open up config do yaml the first
thing to do is change the comport down
here to match what our controller is
using then we get to decide what each
one of our pots is going to control
looking at this slider unor mapping
section each section can specify a
single program a list of programs a
device name or one of a few keywords
that have special functions it's
documented pretty clearly in the
comments at the top of the file if you
want to experiment the media players
browsers
Communications
games obviously guys I can't sit here
for the next 12 hours with my camera
crew watching me type in every game I've
ever heard of but thankfully de has us
covered again keyword de. unmapped tells
this slider right here to control all
apps that aren't mapped to a different
slider then we wrap things up with
another keyword Master on the last
slider giving us an overall volume
control now we did find that the master
keyword didn't work as expected on all
setups on a system with a pair of Steel
series arctis Nova Pro headphones for
example Master ended up adjusting the
volume of system sounds rather than the
main output which we think is because
those headphones have their own external
volume control and just have no interest
in their Windows volume setting being
anything but 100% but I aside from that
little snag this is flipping amazing no
more getting your ears blasted off when
you fire up a new game for the first
time or missing what your buddies are
saying in Discord because some jackass
website is blasting an ad for skin cream
that oh D is and
moisturizes sorry sorry um anyway the
Altoids tin version is 10 bucks and even
our fancier one is still well under 20
and if you want to get even fancier
there are Forks of the D code based that
adds support for screens and buttons
with this awesome gallery that shows Dej
builds that are done by folks around the
world to give you some inspiration we're
going to have all of that Linked In the
video description um what's next
ooh this is cool are you on the go
enough that you find yourself plugging
your devices into random USB ports to
charge do you feel a little sketched out
when you do so well the USB valve is for
you think of it kind of like a pocket
STD test for USB ports that you can
perform before you plug in something
that you care about it shows up to
Windows as just a normal Kingston data
traveler USB storage device but in
reality what it is is a monitoring
device that outputs everything that's
happening over that USB port on this
teeny tiny little screen if the line
starts with a plus that means it is
expected so if the port is just
providing power all we should see is the
the self test line if the port is
connected to a harmless Windows PC
though you'll see the PC read There It
Is the auto run file but if a line
starts with an exclamation point that
means something has happened that isn't
expected so uh who in this case it says
the PC has read the read me file now it
is possible that something like that
could be caused by an antivirus that's
automatically scanning USB devices when
they're plugged in but it's also
possible that something else running on
that PC is reading the file what would
be even more concerning though would be
if whatever we've plugged into tries to
write to my device again you'll get the
exclamation point and the line will just
say writing don't worry about it
damaging the USB valve though it's only
pretending to be a USB drive and it will
be reset at the end of your session
ready for the next and it gets even
better if you build the DIY version with
USB pass through
it can also monitor untrusted USB
peripherals so watch this I'm going to
plug in a seemingly harmless USB drive
and boom the USB valve immediately
recognizes it's behaving as an HID
device and is sending data to my
computer turns out the USB valve caught
a rubber duck key which the pen testing
nerds out there are going to know acts
like an automatic keyboard typing in
pre-programmed scripts that will do
literally anything the attacker wants on
the host machine if we want to learn
exactly what the rubber ducky is trying
to do the USB valve can even set itself
up on a com Port so that you can connect
into that port and see exactly what's
being typed on the virtual keyboard get
hacked hackers to build your own all you
need is about 10 bucks worth of
microcontroller in screen and then if
you've got another 10 bucks burning a
hole in your pocket you can get a custom
PCB printed up for it like this one or
you can just use a generic breadboard
ooh one other option if you don't feel
like doing any of that is you can take
advantage of their recently added
support for the Pico watch platform just
load on the software and you're good to
go you'll find more information on their
GitHub or if you like this form factor
but don't want to build it yourself the
inventor is looking into creating a
dedicated board so reach out and let
them know that you're interested we love
seeing community support for Grassroots
tool creators like this man we should
have called this handy Tech under 50
bucks everything has been so affordable
and freaking awesome as for the next
thing it honestly kind of
blows get it cuz it blows air these USB
rechargeable air dusters are nothing new
in fact Luke and I saw something similar
in that all AliExpress cleaning product
video hilarious by the way check it out
but this one really deserves to be in
handy tech for less than 50 bucks you
get a 3-speed USB rechargeable handheld
blower a bunch of alternate tips to help
direct air flow in the way that is best
for you and a handy carrying bag this is
really going to help us clean up the
mess that we've made today and
woo there's even a light on it and this
onetime investment of 40 bucks could
save you from wasting hundreds of
dollars on canned air or if you're a
business even thousands of dollars which
leaves us just with disclosure time
because our handy Tech videos are more
of a you should buy buy this or you
should build this we like to give a
little bit of extra disclosure about why
we picked a product or project the Charo
mtic was sent to us by the inventor for
possible review we liked it not only are
we covering it in our video but we're
going to actually buy a few of them as a
way to keep the countless batteries in
our warehouse healthy uh Jordan stumbled
across the de product and had actually
already bought all of the parts he need
it when he pitched it in our weekly
writers meeting so the only difference
is that we built a better one for him
instead of him actually using what he
had planned to use the USB valve showed
up on hack a day and we thought it was
worth checking out so we reached out to
the Creator who sent over a couple of
assembled examples and custom pcbs to
show you guys and finally the USB blower
was first bought for that cleaning
supplies video and we have since bought
a bunch more of them for our own use
just about every set in work area has
one of these close at hand cuz we
absolutely love these things and with
that it's time to hand things over to
our sponsor rocket money you and and I
both know that you're not using every
streaming service that you're subscribed
to and yet your bank account is still
being drained every month and in this
economy that really adds up well rocket
money wants to help by making it simple
to cancel unwanted subscriptions no need
to go digging around in a bank statement
to solve the mystery of who what and
where your money is going one click and
just like that you can cancel all of
those services that are bogging down
your finances which means more money for
your next rig upgrade h on top of that
they could also assist with negotiating
any bills that you may be overpaying and
it's easy to set up a smart savings
system where they deposit a set amount
of money into your account as often as
you'd like so start saving by
downloading the app for free at Rocket
money.com LT or by clicking the link
down below if you guys enjoyed this
video there's a whole playlist full of
Handy Tech and we're going to link the
latest one down below